Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
And today we'll be talking about a fantasy
action filmed called The Great Wall!
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
A long time ago in the outer edges of China,
a group is being chased by the warriors of
Mongolia.
In order to escape from the enemies, the leader
William tells his men to cut loose the horses
in order to lure the scavengers away, giving
them the opportunity to run.
At night, while trying to recover from the
earlier fight, the men reveals that they are
mercenaries here to find the mysterious black
powder.
Their journey has been perilous from the very
beginning, losing more than 20 of their men
in the process and leaving little resources
left.
Just when they're contemplating about retreat,
A creature from the shadow attacks the group
and kills all the remaining warriors, leaving
only William and his friend Tovar behind.
The animal circles back again to attack, but
William is able to strike the monster down
and cut off its arm.
Not sure about what they just killed, the
two decides to leave immediately as their
campsite is obviously not safe anymore.
They continue traveling the next day, but
is quickly found by the Mongolian once again,
forcing them to run for their lives as the
enemies chase closely behind.
The two eventually arrive in front of The
Great Wall on the outskirts of China, and
is quickly stopped by a barrage of arrows
that barely misses them.
With little choices left, William decides
to surrender to the Chinese instead of being
captured by the Mongolians, hoping that the
former can spare their lives.
The commanders of The Great Wall are shocked
to see the giant claw that William has brought
with him, and Commander Lin demands to know
where the main character has acquired it.
When they hear the man say that he killed
the monster by himself, the Chinese Commanders
laugh at William mockingly, not believing
a single word he said.
However, strategist Wang thinks that the foreigners'
stories may be real, as the men's weapons
and clothing are covered in the creature's
blood.
Before they can decide on the two men's fates,
a scout rushes in and reports that they have
spotted enemies from the observation towers,
rushing towards the wall in great numbers.
General Shao immediately orders the armies
to get ready for battle, and the two men are
quickly taken onto the wall, where a large
army of soldiers in colorful armors standby
for the siege.
William is amazed to see the glory of the
army, as the soldiers all work together perfectly
despite their different roles, which are indicated
by their armor's colors.
What stands out from the rest of the of army
are the soldiers in blue, which are led by
commander Lin and composed of only women.
They all march towards the edge of the wall
and prepares to battle by using the giant
spears.
The soldiers all wait patiently for the enemies
to come, and their attentions are quickly
drawn towards the far distance as a horde
of green monsters charges towards the wall.
General Shao quickly orders for the artilleries
to attack, and numerous fire balls are thrown
into the air by the massive machines,
heading directly towards the enemies and creating
a sea of flames upon impact.
The archers also begin firing at the monsters,
showering them with a barrage of arrows that
cover the entire sky, killing many of the
creatures while they rush in without hesitation.
The monsters roar furiously as they run closer
towards the giant wall, eventually reaching
the base despite the onslaught of arrows.
The women in blue armors begin to drop down
towards the creatures, striking the enemies
using their spears whiles the men quickly
pull them back up.
Despite their tremendous efforts, many of
the soldiers are killed by the monster as
they're eaten alive.
Very soon, the queen of the monsters arrive
in the far distance together with her numerous
bodyguards, in order to command the battle
more effectively.
Strategist Wang sees this and tells the general,
who orders the artilleries to fire directly
towards the queen,
but the bodyguards are able to block the attacks
quickly, protecting their leader in the process.
The queen roars furiously towards the humans
and begins communicating with her minions,
ordering them to change their strategy and
use their bodies to climb the walls.
The monsters are able to climb the structure
very quickly and begins mauling the soldiers,
throwing them off the wall using incredible
strength.
William desperately tries to break free with
Tovar after seeing the dangers, and surprising,
they are released by another foreigner named
Ballard who cuts their ropes immediately.
A young soldier named Peng sees his comrades
being killed, and rushes in to attack the
creature despite his fear, but gets pushed
back easily by the giant monster.
Before the young man can be killed by the
voracious creature, William jumps in the air
and grabs onto a spear, charging at the creature
and stabs it right in the mouth.
The monster pushes the man backwards as it
roars continuously, but William is able to
stab it again with Tovar's help, and the two
kills the creature by piercing it's heart.
Tovar takes a red cape on the ground and begins
attracting another monster like a bull, causing
the creature to charge directly at the man,
but this allows William to kill it by using
an arrow and barely escapes the blinded creature
as it launches for the last time.
After seeing so many of its minions killed,
the queen orders the creatures to retreat
by using her soundwaves,
making the monsters fall back as they carry
the bodies of their fallen comrades away,
preventing the humans to learn anything about
them.
The Chinese commanders approach the westerners
after the victory, and the two men drop their
weapons immediately to show their co-operation.
General Shao praises their bravery for aiding
with the battle, and decides to offer them
a living quarter instead of locking them up.
The young soldier Peng goes to William right
after the siege, and thanks the man for saving
his life instead of leaving him for dead.
The two also meets Ballard, the man who freed
them earlier, and it turns out that he was
also here looking for the black powder 25
years ago,
but is kept hostage as a teacher of English
ever since.
The old man shows the two the mysterious black
powder that they were looking for, and assures
William that there's more than enough for
all three of them.
Ballard proposes that they leave as soon as
the siege begins, so that they can be riding
away while the battle rages.
Before their conversation can finish, Strategist
Wang calls them for an urgent meeting as he
found a magnet inside the their belongings.
Wang believes that the stone was the reason
why William was able to kill the monster so
easily during their first encounter, as the
magnet may have interfered with the creature's
mind.
It turns out that the monsters are called
Tao Teis, and they landed on Earth 20 centuries
ago from outer space.
Ever since that day, the creatures rise every
60 years to attack from the north of China,
trying to devour everything so they can feed
their queen in order to multiply.
The capital of China has 2 million people
and is only about 300 miles away from the
wall.
If the creatures obtain such large amounts
of nourishments, their numbers would explode,
spreading to every corners of the world.
At the same time, General Shao has noticed
missing personnel at the west towers, and
proceeds to investigate along side commander
Lin.
The soldiers go into their formations, but
the men are surprised that the monsters have
purposely left the bodies, instead of devouring
them as food.
The soldiers march forwards after noticing
one of the creatures in front of them, but
general Shao also sees the reflections of
a second Tao Tei from behind, trying to ambush
the team.
The two monsters attack them simultaneously,
and the general tries to fend off the Tao
Tei from behind, but ends up mortally wounded
by the creature after trying to save commander
Lin.
The entire army arrives soon after, but it
was too late to save their leader.
With his last breath, General Shao declares
Lin to be his successor, and warns her to
never underestimate the monster's intelligence
ever again.
A massive funeral is orchestrated as the people
mourn for their leader's death, sending numerous
candles flying in the air to light the way
for general Shao as he enters the afterlife.
Very soon, Envoy Shen from the emperor of
China has come to the walls, bringing records
of the encounters with the monsters from 60
years ago.
Apparently, the previous general recorded
that the creatures became paralyzed after
chasing the soldiers onto a mountain, where
a magnet is also present similar to William's.
In order to verify how the magnet actually
affects the creatures, William suggests that
they capture a Tao Tei by using a hook, similar
to how a whale is captured,
but Tovar is extremely unhappy with his friend's
proposed involvements, reminding him of their
plan to escape with the black powders.
Strategist Wang begins concocting a large
amounts of anesthetics and putting them on
the hooks, preparing to capture one of the
creatures alive.
Very Soon the Tao Teis begin to arrive in
masses while they try to sneak onto the wall,
and the soldiers defend against the monsters
by attacking in their formation.
Giant blades protrude from the walls and cuts
the creatures into pieces, while the warriors
attack the Tao Tei furiously as they fight
on the edges of the building.
Lin orders to fire the harpoons, and the giant
hooks launch towards the enemies, hitting
many of the monsters and trapping them with
the chains.
However, the creatures soon realize the people's
intentions to capture them, and begins ripping
apart the hooks, all breaking free from the
restraints except for one.
At the same time, Ballard is trying to convince
Tovar to leave the wall right now while the
battle is in place, but the man refuses to
abandon his friend.
William is also contemplating about abandoning
the Chinese army, but in the last moment,
decides to return and help the commanders
capture the last Tao Tei that's in chains.
In order to isolate the creature from the
others, the army fires numerous bombs around
the monster, creating a field of flames that
surrounds the entire area.
Realizing that the chains won't last much
longer, William drops down into the fields
by sliding across the metals and finding the
monster unconscious on the ground.
He ties the creature up so that it can retrieved,
but is quickly attacked by hostile enemies
as he tries to fight for his life.
Luckily, the man is saved from the ambush
as Tovar appears to the rescue, saving William
in the process and blaming the man for not
following their plans to escape.
Their arguments are interrupted when more
Tao Teis begin to attack from the fogs,
but the two are able to kill the creatures
together by using their teamwork and shooting
the monsters in the eyes.
As the fight continues, the monsters begin
to bypass the wall of flames and surrounds
the men in large numbers, charging directly
at them,
but the Chinese army is able to fire numerous
bombs at the location, killing the Tao Ties
with explosions and saving the men's lives.
They quickly put the giant beast inside a
cage and begins experimenting the magnet's
effects on the creature.
Surprisingly, as Wang approaches the monster
along side the rock, the creature eventually
stops moving altogether, proving the effects
of the stone.
Envoy Chen demands to bring the Tao Tei to
the emperor right away despite Wang's protest,
but the order came directly from the king
himself.
After the envoy leaves the wall, the army
detected more movements from the monsters
at the base of the building, and begins to
investigate as the armies descendent to the
bottom.
To their shock, the creatures have dug a giant
hole through the base of the wall, using the
previous battles as nothing more than ploys
to blindsight the armies.
Meanwhile, Ballard and Tovar are stealing
the black powders and plans escape the great
wall as the armies are busy investigating
the monsters,
but they're stopped by William, who wants
his friend to stay and fight for a greater
cause.
Tovar believes that William is blinded by
optimism as he thinks that the people have
no chance against the monster's armies.
While they are arguing, Ballard knocks the
main character unconscious, telling Tovar
to leave his friend behind as this would be
their only chance to run.
General Lin soon discovers the escape of the
westerners and is furious at William for his
betrayal, despite the man claiming to have
tried to stop his friend.
Her anger is only tempered when she hears
the young warrior Peng, who vouches for William
as he claims to have witness the man trying
to stop the escapees.
She orders to have the traitors captured right
away, and locks William in a cell so that
he can no longer interfere with the armies
plans.
In order to catch up with the hordes of Tao
Teis, Lin decides to use the hot balloons
as a method for travel, but the inventions
are not tested and poses great danger for
its users.
Numerous people died as they try to ascend
into the skies by using the black powders
as fuels for the vehicles, leaving only a
handful of soldiers heading towards the capital.
Peng releases William soon after, and the
man rushes to the outside where he meets Wang,
demanding to know what's going on.
The strategist tells him that they have failed
to prevent the Tao Teis from breaching the
walls, and the general has ordered for his
release, as she heads towards the capital
herself.
Wang tells William that the only chance they
have now is to kill the Queen, as her death
would also disable all her minions.
Instead of leaving like Wang suggested, William
decides to go after Lin so that they can save
humanity from being destroyed.
At the same time, General Lin has arrived
inside the capital, only to see that the place
is overrun by the voracious creatures.
They try to make it to the palace, but are
quickly attacked by numerous Tao Teis and
grounded by the creatures while they desperately
fight for their lives.
Lin is quickly surrounded by the monsters
as they roar furiously at the woman, but before
she is killed, William arrives to her rescue
and grabs her into the air,
using the grenades to repels the monsters
as they fly into the palace.
They are able to retrieve the Tao Tei that
was captured earlier and Wang decides to load
the creature with bombs.
They plan to travel inside the sewers and
feed the monster, before releasing it towards
the queen so that they have a chance to kill
her by using the explosives.
However, their plan doesn't go smoothly as
the creatures have discovered their location,
and kills the majority of their team, leaving
the young warrior Peng wounded but still alive.
Suddenly, numerous Tao Teis charge into the
underground tunnels, and Peng decides to sacrifice
himself by blowing up the grenades, killing
the monsters and blocking the pathway as well.
Not having any time to mourn, Wang quickly
opens the doors to the outside and they release
the monster that's tied up with bombs.
The creature wakes up immediately after the
magnet was removed, and just like they planned,
it begins devouring the meat that was provided
and runs to the outside, trying to give it
to its queen.
The three arrives inside a tower, and Wang
stays behind to guard the door using the magnet,
as William runs to higher grounds with Lin,
trying to get a clear shot at the bombs.
The man launches the arrow at the queen, but
the bodyguards are able to block off the attack
as it bounces off and explodes in the air,
alerting the monsters in the process.
William quickly goes up the tower to try again,
but the queen orders all her minions to attack
the buildings,
causing all the Tao Teis to rush inside, as
Wang throws the magnet towards his teammates
before being devoured alive.
The man tries to shoot a second time, but
it was still blocked by the creatures and
the arrow explodes in the air,
allowing the queen to finally see her attackers
and orders all her minions towards them.
With only a single bomb left, the two leaps
out from the windows as they swing from the
ropes, evading the Tao Teis that jumps towards
them from behind.
William tosses the magnet at the bodyguards
and Lin throws the spear closely behind, allowing
the stone to delay the movements of the creatures
as the bomb lands inside the barrier.
The queen tries desperately to put out the
flames, but a large explosion destroys everything
inside, sending all the creatures flying in
the air.
As the queen dies, all the Tao Teis are immobilized
and crashes towards the ground, leaving thousands
of bodies in the palace as the humans are
finally victorious.
Sometimes later, William rides back to The
Great Wall, and find his friend Tovar in the
holding cells after being captured by the
Chinese army.
He tells the man that the emperor gave him
a choice between Tovar's life or the powders,
but William chose to save his friend, realizing
that friendship is more valuable than any
material gains.
He rides off into the the far distance along
side the army's escorts, while general Lin
looks at him from the walls to express farewell.
William looks back as well before he leaves,
and has a good feeling that he'll come back
to this place in the future.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below!
And if you like my video, please press like
and subscribe for more, I'll see you guys
next time!